**交际英语**

1、- How do you like the movie we saw yesterday?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.You are welcome.

B.How about you?

C.I&#39;ve never seen a better movie than it.

D.It is very expensive.

答案：C

2、- Does No.20 bus stop at our school?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.I go to school by bus.

B.I&#39;m afraid not.

C.You are welcome.

D.I&#39;ll not take No.20 bus.

答案：B

3、- Could you please open the window?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.I can&#39;t.

B.Go ahead.

C.Sure.

D.It&#39;s really very kind.

答案：C

4、- I&#39;d like to invite you to dinner this Saturday, Mr. Smith.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Oh, no. let&#39;s not.

B.I&#39;d rather stay at home.

C.I&#39;m sorry, but I have other plans.

D.Oh, no. That&#39;ll be too much trouble.

答案：C

5、- Can you help me clear up the mess?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Yes, it doesn&#39;t matter.

B.No, that&#39;s OK.

C.Yes, help yourself.

D.No problem.

答案：D

6、- We are planning an outing. \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

- Sure.

A.Where are you going?

B.When will you leave?

C.How is everything?

D.Do you want to join us?

答案：D

7、- Do you think I can borrow your bike for a few hours?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.I&#39;m afraid you can.

B.I&#39;m sorry, but I really need it this afternoon.

C.Yes, I don&#39;t think so.

D.I&#39;ll think about it later.

答案：B

8、- Thank you very much for the dictionary you sent me.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.No thanks.

B.I&#39;m glad you like it.

C.Please don&#39;t say so.

D.No, it&#39;s not so good.

答案：B

9、- Are you going to have a holiday?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Not until next week.

B.Three weeks ago.

C.To Beijing.

D.I&#39;m pleased to hear that.

答案：A

10、- Thanks for inviting me, John, but I&#39;ve already made other plans.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. Maybe another time.

A.I hope you enjoy it

B.That&#39;s good

C.Oh! I&#39;m sorry to hear that

D.Great! I really had a good time

答案：C

11、- Can I help you?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Sorry, I don&#39;t need your help.

B.What help can you give us?

C.I&#39;d like to try on these shoes, please.

D.Thanks. You are welcome.

答案：C

12、- What is she?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.She is a typist.

B.She is talking to her friend.

C.She is having a holiday.

D.She is my sister.

答案：A

13、- What do you think of your new teacher?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.He came to teach us last week.

B.He teaches us English.

C.He has two children.

D.He is very nice.

答案：D

14、- Excuse me, could you tell me the time?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.You&#39;d better buy a watch.

B.It&#39;s three thirty by my watch.

C.Can you see the clock?

D.It&#39;s late I think.

答案：B

15、- You seem to be lost. Need help?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Yes, would you please help me with the bag?

B.Help me find my key, please.

C.Yes, with pleasure.

D.I&#39;m looking for Zhongshan Road.

答案：D

16、- What do you think of the movie we saw last night?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.The actress is bad.

B.Terrific!

C.The theatre is bad.

D.Nobody was there.

答案：B

17、- Hello, Peter. What do you do?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.I am fine.

B.I am not sick.

C.I am a student from Bonn University.

D.I came from Bonn University.

答案：C

18、- I think the reference book（参考书）is very helpful.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Good idea.

B.So do I.

C.With pleasure.

D.No problem.

答案：B

19、- How long have you worked here?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Since about two years.

B.I do not know.

C.For about two years.

D.Who knows.

答案：C

20、- Sorry to have kept you waiting.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.That&#39;s OK.

B.What are you doing?

C.What&#39;s wrong with you?

D.Where have you been?

答案：A

21、－\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

－No, thanks. I&#39;m just looking around. I&#39;ll let you know if I want anything.

A.Could you help me?

B.What will you buy?

C.Can I help you?

D.Do you like to look around?

答案：C

22、-Excuse me; can I have a seat here?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Be hurry.

B.Come on.

C.Yes, please.

D.Do you mind?

答案：C

23、- What do you do on Sunday?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.I &#39;m a teacher.

B.I play football.

C.You are a student.

D.They clean rooms.

答案：B

24、- Must I be home before seven?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.No, you needn&#39;t

B.No, you mustn&#39;t

C.Yes, you will

D.No, you won&#39;t

答案：A

25、- Our class won the girls&#39; relay race in our school&#39;s sports meeting.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.That&#39;s right.

B.Thanks a lot.

C.Congratulations!

D.It&#39;s a pleasure.

答案：C

26、- I was worried about my maths, but Mr. Brown gave me an A.

- \_\_\_\_\_

A.Don&#39;t worry about it.

B.Congratulations! That&#39;s a difficult course.

C.Mr. Brown is very good.

D.Good luck to you！

答案：B

27、- I am afraid I can&#39;t return the book to you before Friday.

-\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.Don&#39;t be afraid

B.Be careful

C.Not at all

D.Take your time

答案：D

28、- That&#39;s a beautiful cat. I wonder who it belongs to.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.It belongs to the Browns.

B.The cat is my favourite too.

C.Mind your own business.

D.I can&#39;t say anything more.

答案：A

29、- I really don&#39;t know how to thank you enough.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.No problem

B.Think nothing of it

C.Not at all

D.It doesn&#39;t matter

答案：B

30、- Hi, is Mary there, please?

- \_\_\_\_\_

A.Hold on. I&#39;ll get her.

B.No, she isn&#39;t here.

C.Yes, she lives here.

D.Yes, what do you want?

答案：A

31、-I&#39;ll be away on a business trip. Would you mind looking at my cat?

-Not at all. \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.I have no time

B.I&#39;d rather not

C.You can leave

D.I&#39;d be happy to

答案：D

32、-Can I get you a cup of tea?

-\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.That&#39;s very kind of you

B.With pleasure

C.You can, please

D.Thank you for the tea

答案：A

33、-If you need me, jut let me know.

-I will,\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.that&#39;s all right

B.thank you

C.all right

D.not at all

答案：B

34、- Shall we sit up here on the grass or down there near the water?

- \_\_\_\_\_

A.I&#39;d rather stay here if you don&#39;t mind.

B.Sorry, I don&#39;t like neither.

C.Certainly, why not？

D.Yes, we like these two places.

答案：A

35、- Hi, Jim! Nice to meet you.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.Certainly

B.Many thanks

C.OK

D.Nice to meet you, too

答案：D

36、-I&#39;m sorry to hear that you failed in the exam.

-\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.Not at all

B.Oh, thank you.That&#39;s very kind of you

C.You are welcome

D.Yes, I&#39;m really sorry

答案：B

37、-Hello, may I speak to Zhao Hua?

-\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.My name is Zhao Hua

B.I&#39;m Zhao Hua

C.This is Zhao Hua speaking

D.Zhao Hua is me

答案：C

38、- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_?

- This is Mr Smith speaking now.

A.Who are you

B.Who is that

C.Who are you calling

D.What do you want to say

答案：B

39、- I heard Susan surprised her teacher by working hard.

- Yes, \_\_\_\_\_\_

A.her teacher worked hard.

B.Susan worked hard.

C.the teacher was surprising.

D.Susan was surprised.

答案：B

40、- Will you please give the note to him?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.Certainly, I&#39;ll give it to him

B.No, please not

C.Sorry, I don&#39;t

D.Yes, please do

答案：A

41、-Would you go to the concert with me?

-\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, but I&#39;m very busy now.

A.I&#39;d like to

B.Sure

C.No problem

D.Certainly

答案：A

42、- Peter, don&#39;t step on the grass.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.It doesn&#39;t matter

B.I can&#39;t do it

C.Don&#39;t worry

D.Sorry, I won&#39;t do it again

答案：D

43、- I&#39;ll sorry to trouble you.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.Don&#39;t say so

B.OK

C.It doesn&#39;t matter

D.That&#39;s fight

答案：C

44、- Will you join us for lunch?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.No, I won&#39;t

B.Yes, with pleasure

C.Yes, please

D.Yes, help yourself

答案：B

45、- I was born in Boston, but I studied in New York.\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_?

- I was born in New York, but studied in Boston.

A.What do you do

B.And you

C.Where were you

D.Do you

答案：B

46、- Hello, may I speak to Mike?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Who are you?

B.Sorry, he isn&#39;t in.

C.Thank you very much.

D.Yes, here you are.

答案：B

47、- I&#39;m sorry for being late, Mr Lt.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.All right

B.That&#39;s right

C.Not at all

D.Never mind

答案：D

48、- Do you like country music?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.Yes, I like basketball a lot

B.It&#39;s far too crowded

C.Yes, I&#39;m crazy about it

D.Oh, it&#39;s funny

答案：C

49、- Thank God．It&#39;s Friday again．A nice weekend!

- \_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.Me too

B.Yes，I&#39;ll be free then

C.That&#39;s all right

D.The same to you

答案：D

50、- Thank you for your great dinner. I really enjoyed it.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_you enjoyed it.

A.I&#39;m so glad

B.I&#39;m sorry

C.What a pity

D.Surprisingly

答案：A

51、- Have a cup of tea, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_?

- Thanks a lot.

A.don&#39;t you

B.haven&#39;t you

C.shall we

D.will you

答案：D

52、- How is it that you are late for class again?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.Because I missed the bus

B.By bus and then on foot

C.Yes, it is quite wrong

D.It is far from school

答案：A

53、- We ordered 20 boxes of your products, but we have only got 19. - \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.You do not have to.

B.It does not matter.

C.We will send another tomorrow.

D.Nothing serious.

答案：C

54、- Excuse me. Could you spare me a few minutes? - \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Of course.

B.Of course not.

C.I am sorry to hear that.

D.Yes. I&#39;m busy now.

答案：A

55、- It&#39;s very thoughtful of you to give me a ride. - \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.It&#39;s my pleasure.

B.Take it easy.

C.Sure.

D.Never mind.

答案：A

56、- Happy birthday to you!

- \_\_\_\_\_\_!

A.Happy birthday to you

B.I&#39;m very glad

C.That&#39;s all right

D.Thank you

答案：D

57、- How do I transfer calls? - \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Do as you like.

B.It is a bit difficult.

C.Let me show you.

D.Not at all.

答案：C

58、- How was your journey to Paris? - \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.It went very well.

B.I flew there.

C.I love Paris.

D.Thank you for asking.

答案：A

59、- How are you, Bob?

-\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.How are you?

B.I&#39;m fine. Thank you.

C.How do you do?

D.Nice to meet you.

答案：B

60、- Hello, I&#39;m Harry Potter.

- Hello, my name is Charles Green, but \_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.call my Charles

B.call me at Charles

C.call me Charles

D.call Charles me

答案：C

61、- Thanks for your help.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.My pleasure.

B.Never mind.

C.Quite right.

D.Don&#39;t thank me.

答案：A

62、- Who&#39;s speaking?

- This is Tom \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.speaks

B.spoken

C.speaking

D.saying

答案：C

63、- Paul, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_?

- Oh, that&#39;s my father!And beside him, my mother.

A.what is the person over there

B.who&#39;s talking over there

C.what are they doing

D.which is that

答案：B

64、- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

- He teaches physics in a school.

A.What does your father do?

B.Who is your father?

C.What is your father doing?

D.Where is your father now?

答案：A

65、- Hi, Tom, how&#39;s everything with you?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, and how are you?

A.Don&#39;t mention it

B.Hm, not too bad

C.Thanks

D.Pretty fast

答案：B

66、- I&#39;m sorry. I am late due to the heavy traffic.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Well, it&#39;s OK.

B.No, it&#39;s all right.

C.You are welcome.

D.You are wrong.

答案：A

67、- Excuse me, how much is the jacket?

- It&#39;s 499 Yuan.\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Oh, no. That&#39;s OK!

B.How do you like it?

C.Which do you prefer?

D.Would you like to try it on?

答案：D

68、- Could you help me with my physics, please？

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.No, no way.

B.No, I couldn&#39;t.

C.No, I can&#39;t.

D.Sorry I can&#39;t. I have to go to a meeting right now.

答案：D

69、- It&#39;s rather cold in here. Do you mind if I close the window?

-\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Yes, please.

B.No, please.

C.Sure, please.

D.I don&#39;t like it.

答案：B

70、- Please help yourself to the seafood.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.No, I can&#39;t.

B.Sorry, I can&#39;t help.

C.Well, seafood don&#39;t suit.

D.Well, I&#39;m afraid I don&#39;t like seafood.

答案：D

71、- Thank you for inviting me.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.I really had a happy time.

B.Oh, it&#39;s too late.

C.Thank you for coming.

D.Oh, so slowly?

答案：C

72、-May I see your tickets, please?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Sure.

B.No, you can&#39;t.

C.No, they are mine.

D.Yes, you can.

答案：A

73、- Would you like to go to the concert with us this evening?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.No, I already have plans.

B.I&#39;d love to, but I&#39;m busy tonight.

C.No, I really don&#39;t like being with you.

D.I&#39;m ill, so I shouldn&#39;t go out.

答案：B

74、- Could I borrow your car for a few days?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Yes, you may borrow.

B.Yes, go on.

C.Sure, here is the key. Enjoy your journey.

D.It doesn&#39;t matter.

答案：C

75、- Congratulations! You won the first prize in today&#39;s speech contest.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Yes, I beat the others.

B.No, no, I didn&#39;t do it well.

C.Thank you.

D.It&#39;s a pleasure.

答案：C

76、- We are going to have a singing party tonight. Would you like to join us?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.I&#39;m afraid not, because I have to go to an important meeting.

B.Of course not. I have no idea.

C.No, I can&#39;t.

D.That&#39;s all set.

答案：A

77、- How was your trip to London, Jane?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Oh, wonderful indeed.

B.I went there alone.

C.The guide showed me the way.

D.By plane and by bus.

答案：A

78、- Must I take a taxi?

- No, you \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ . You can take my car.

A.had better to

B.don&#39;t

C.must not

D.don&#39;t have to

答案：D

79、- This box is too heavy for me to carry it upstairs.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.You may ask for help.

B.I&#39;ll give you a hand.

C.Please do me a favor.

D.I&#39;d come to help.

答案：B

80、- Could I speak to Don Watkins, please？

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Speaking, please.

B.Oh, how are you？

C.I&#39;m listening.

D.I&#39;m Don.

答案：A

81、- Do you mind my smoking here?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.No, thanks.

B.Yes, I do.

C.Yes. I&#39;d rather not.

D.Good idea.

答案：B

82、- Did you know that David injured his leg yesterday?

- Really? \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Who did that?

B.What&#39;s wrong with him?

C.How did that happen?

D.Why was he so careless?

答案：C

83、- Hey, Tom, what&#39;s up?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Yes, definitely!

B.Oh, not much.

C.What is happening in your life?

D.You are lucky.

答案：B

84、- Excuse me, could you show me the way to the nearest post office?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_Oh yes! Two blocks away from here at the Green Avenue. You can&#39;t miss it.

A.I beg your pardon?

B.What do you mean?

C.You&#39;re welcome.

D.Mm, let me think.

答案：D

85、-What&#39;s the problem with your bike?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Not at all.

B.Good, thank you.

C.Nothing serious.

D.Sure

答案：C

86、- Unbelievable! I have failed the driving test again!

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ This is not the end of the world.

A.Good luck.

B.Cheer up.

C.Go ahead.

D.No problem.

答案：B

87、- What are you majoring in?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.In a university.

B.Very hard.

C.Mathematics.

D.At nine in the morning.

答案：C

88、- I wonder if I could use your computer tonight?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ I&#39;m not using it right now.

A.Sure, here you are.

B.I don&#39;t know.

C.It doesn&#39;t matter.

D.Who cares?

答案：A

11