# **大学英语**

# **B**

# **5**

一、交际英语

1.- Excuse me. Could you spare me a few minutes? - \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Of course.

B.Of course not.

C.I am sorry to hear that.

D.Yes. I&#39;m busy now.

答案：A

2.- Do you mind my smoking here?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.No, thanks.

B.Yes, I do.

C.Yes. I&#39;d rather not.

D.Good idea.

答案：B

3.- Did you know that David injured his leg yesterday?

- Really? \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Who did that?

B.What&#39;s wrong with him?

C.How did that happen?

D.Why was he so careless?

答案：C

4.- Excuse me, could you show me the way to the nearest post office?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_Oh yes! Two blocks away from here at the Green Avenue. You can&#39;t miss it.

A.I beg your pardon?

B.What do you mean?

C.You&#39;re welcome.

D.Mm, let me think.

答案：D

5.- What&#39;s the problem with your bike?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Not at all.

B.Good, thank you.

C.Nothing serious.

D.Sure

答案：C

二、阅读理解

Six people were travelling in a compartment（包厢）on a train. Five of them were quiet and well behaved, but the sixth was a rude young man who was causing a lot of trouble to the other passengers.

At a station this young man got out with his two heavy bags. None of the other passengers helped him, but one of them waited until the rude young man was very far away. Then he opened the window and shouted to the young man, &quot;You left something behind in the compartment!&quot; Then he closed the windows again.

The young man turned around and hurried back with his two bags. He was very tired when he arrived, but he shouted through the window, &quot;What did I leave behind?&quot;

As the train began to move again, the passenger who had called him back opened the window and said, &quot;A very bad impression!&quot;

6.One of the passengers helped the young man.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

7.The sixth young man was impolite.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

8.Having heard the shout, the young man was frightened.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

9.The young man left something unpleasant in the train.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

10.The other passengers were not happy with the young man&#39;s behavior.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

When John and Victoria Falls arrived in New York City for one-year stay, they did not bring very many things with them. They had planned either to live in a furnished apartment or to buy used furniture. But they soon learned about a new system that more and more people are using. The renting of home furnishings (bed, tables, dishes, and so on) has become one of America&#39;s fastest growing businesses.

What kinds of people rent their home furnishings instead of buying them? People who are international business or government officials, foreign students, airline workers, young married couples - people whose job or business may force them to move frequently from one city to another. They save a lot of trouble and the cost of moving their furniture each time. They simply rent new furniture when they reach their new homes. Young people with little money do not want to buy cheap furniture that they may soon dislike. They prefer to wait until they have enough money to buy furniture they really like. Meanwhile, they find they can rent better quality furniture than they could afford to buy.

One family, who now have a large, beautiful home of their own, liked their rented furniture so much that they decided to keep renting it instead of buying new things. But usually people don&#39;t like to tell others about it. The idea of renting home furnishings is still quite new, and they are not sure what their neighbors might think.

11.Which of the following has become one of America&#39;s fastest growing businesses?

A.Selling home furnishings.

B.Renting furnished apartments.

C.Selling used furniture.

D.Renting home furnishings.

答案：D

12.Why do some people prefer to rent furniture?

A.Because the furniture they get in this way is new.

B.Because it saves them a lot of money.

C.Because it saves them much trouble and money.

D.Because they can always get better quality furniture in this way.

答案：C

13.What can you infer from the passage?

A.The idea of renting furniture is not acceptable.

B.Renting furniture is not popular in the couple&#39;s home town.

C.Only those who don&#39;t have enough money to rent furniture.

D.People usually grow to like the furniture they have rented.

答案：B

14.Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage?

A.Rent or Buy?

B.A New Way of Getting Home Furnishings.

C.Furnished Apartments.

D.A New Idea.

答案：B

15.Young people liked renting home furniture because\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.they have less money

B.they don&#39;t want to buy old furniture

C.the new furniture is of good quality

D.they don&#39;t have much money and don&#39;t want to buy the cheap furniture

答案：D

三、词汇与语法

16.Every society has its own peculiar customs and \_\_\_\_\_\_of acting.

A.attitudes

B.behavior

C.ways

D.means

答案：C

17.The higher the temperature, \_\_\_\_\_the liquid evaporates.

A.the faster

B.the more fast

C.the slower

D.the more slower

答案：A

18.I often see \_\_\_\_\_\_ the road on his way home.

A.he cross

B.him cross

C.him crossed

D.he crossing

答案：B

19.The workers are busy \_\_\_\_models for the exhibition.

A.to make

B.with making

C.being making

D.making

答案：D

20.\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ you are leaving tomorrow, we can have dinner together tonight.

A.Since

B.While

C.For

D.Before

答案：A

四、完型填空

Many people have to work at weekends. Some people do not mind, others think it is terrible.

One man thinks that working at weekends can be \_\_21\_\_. He is George Smith. Mr. Smith works in an office, in Brighton, England.

On Saturday, May 24, 1986, he went to the office to do some work. After he \_\_22\_\_ the lift, it stopped between floors. Mr. Smith could not get out of the lift. He began to shout, but no one heard him. Then Mr. Smith remembered that it was a holiday in England. No one was going to come to work until Tuesday.

There was \_\_23\_\_ for Mr. Smith to do. He had to wait until one of his workmates came to work and found him. With nothing to eat or drink, Mr. Smith was very hungry and had to sleep most of the time.

Early on Tuesday morning, one of his workmates came into work and found the lift \_\_24\_\_. When the lift was opened, Mr. Smith came out cold, weak, and tired. He had been in the lift for over 60 hours!

Now Mr. Smith says, &quot;I only use the lift if they have \_\_25\_\_ in them.&quot;

21.

A.nothing

B.got into

C.was not working

D.telephones

E.dangerous

答案：E

22.

A.nothing

B.got into

C.was not working

D.telephones

E.dangerous

答案：B

23.

A.nothing

B.got into

C.was not working

D.telephones

E.dangerous

答案：A

24.

A.nothing

B.got into

C.was not working

D.telephones

E.dangerous

答案：C

25.

A.nothing

B.got into

C.was not working

D.telephones

E.dangerous

答案：D

五、英译汉

26.I looked for the book on the desk but it was nowhere.

答案：我在桌上找了那本书，但是那本书不在那儿。

27.Our library is as big as theirs.

答案：我们的图书馆和他们的一样大。

28.Most students feel satisfied with the progress they&#39;ve made.

答案：大多数学生对自己所取得的进步感到满意。

29.Each time history repeats itself, the price goes up.

答案：历史每重演一次，代价就增加一分。

30.Have you seen Tom recently?

答案：最近你看见汤姆了吗？

31.The students are encouraged to do more listening, reading and writing by their teacher.

答案：老师鼓励学生多听、多读、多写。

六、写作

**32.**** Instructions: ****根据下面所给的题目和提纲用英语写出一篇不少于**** 80 ****词的短文。**

My Favorite Form of Entertainment

1.现代人越来越重视娱乐；

2.娱乐方式丰富多彩，而我最喜欢的是……

3.我选择的原因。

答案：无

5