# **大学英语**

# **B**

# **4**

一、交际英语

1.-Excuse me; can I have a seat here?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Be hurry.

B.Come on.

C.Yes, please.

D.Do you mind?

答案：C

2.- What are you majoring in?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.In a university.

B.Very hard.

C.Mathematics.

D.At nine in the morning.

答案：C

3.- Must I take a taxi?

- No, you \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ . You can take my car.

A.had better to

B.don&#39;t

C.must not

D.don&#39;t have to

答案：D

4.- Please help yourself to the seafood.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.No, I can&#39;t.

B.Sorry, I can&#39;t help.

C.Well, seafood don&#39;t suit.

D.Well, I&#39;m afraid I don&#39;t like seafood.

答案：D

5.- Could I speak to Don Watkins, please？

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Speaking, please.

B.Oh, how are you？

C.I&#39;m listening.

D.I&#39;m Don.

答案：A

二、阅读理解

Modern life is impossible without traveling. The fastest way of traveling is by plane. With a modern airliner you can travel in one day to places which it takes a month or more to get to a hundred years ago.

Traveling by train is slower than by plane, but it has its advantages. You can see the country when you are traveling through. Modern trains have comfortable seats and dining-cars. They make even the longest journey enjoyable.

Some people prefer to travel by sea when possible. There are large liners and river boats. You can visit many other countries and different parts of your country on them. Ships are not so fast as trains or planes, but traveling by sea is a very pleasant way to spend a holiday.

Many people like to travel by car. You can make your own timetable. You can travel three or four hundred miles or only fifty or one hundred miles a day, just as you like. You can stop wherever you wish - where there is something interesting to see, at a good restaurant where you can enjoy a good meat, or at a hotel to spend the night. That is why traveling by car is popular for pleasure trips, while people usually take a train or plane when they are traveling on business.

6.From the passage, we know the fastest way of traveling is by plane.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

7.The underlined word &quot;They&quot; in the passage refers to comfortable seats and dining-cars.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

8.If we travel by car, we can make our own timetable.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

9.When people travel on business, they usually take a plane or a car.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

10.Four ways of traveling are mentioned in the passage.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

Morgan Rees has always been a good businessman. He used to own three petrol stations and was busy most of the time. When he was 65, the normal retirement age, he decided that he didn&#39;t want to stop, so he carried on working for another two years. Eventually, when he was nearly 68, his wife, Dolly, asked him to retire because she wanted to enjoy their old age together. Reluctantly, he handed over the business to his son.

But he was unhappy. He didn&#39;t know what to do with himself. Although he read a lot of books and he went on holiday to interesting places with his wife, he was bored and began to get depressed because he hated being retired.

Then one day he saw an advertisement in the newspaper and, without telling his wife, he bought a small crockery (陶器) factory. The next week he told his family. They were horrified and worried. They thought he was too old at 71 to start work again.

He is now 76 and he has expanded the company considerably. He has increased the number of staff from 6 to 24 and he has found many new customers for the products. He has developed the export market and has improved profits by 200%. He has opened a new design office and employed three young designers. They have been all over the world to get new ideas, and one of them has gone to France this week to a major trade fair. Most importantly, he hasn&#39;t been bored since he bought the factory.

11.The topic sentence of Para. 1 is \_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.Morgan Rees has always been a good businessman

B.he used to own three petrol stations and was busy most of the time

C.when Morgan Rees was 65, he got retired

D.reluctantly, he handed over the business to his son

答案：A

12.The topic sentence of Para. 2 is \_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.he didn&#39;t know what to do with himself

B.he went on holiday to interesting places with his wife

C.he was unhappy after he got retired

D.none of them

答案：C

13.Which of the following statements can best express the main idea of Para. 3?

A.One day he saw an advertisement in the newspaper.

B.He bought a small crockery factory in secret and started work again.

C.He told his family he bought a small crockery factory.

D.His family was horrified and worried when they learned he bought the small factory.

答案：B

14.What is the central idea of the last paragraph?

A.Morgan Rees has worked until he is 76.

B.Morgan Rees has developed the export market and improved the profits by 200%.

C.Morgan Rees hasn&#39;t been bored since he bought the factory.

D.Since he started working again, Morgan Rees has expanded the company considerably, which has enriched his retired life.

答案：D

15.The passage mainly deals with \_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.why Morgan Rees bought a small crockery factory

B.how Morgan Rees lived his retired life more happily by turning to work again

C.how Moran Rees became a good businessman

D.how Moran Rees expanded the company considerably

答案：B

三、词汇与语法

16.There&#39;s no food in the fridge. They \_\_\_\_\_\_\_shopping.

A.go

B.are go

C.are going

D.are going to go

答案：C

17.His mother \_\_\_\_\_alone since his father died.

A.lived

B.lives

C.has lived

D.is living

答案：C

18.The young lady coming over to us \_\_\_\_\_ our English teacher; the way she walks tells us that!

A.must be

B.can be

C.would be

D.could be

答案：A

19.We&#39;ve missed the last bus. I&#39;m afraid we have no \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ but to take a taxi.

A.way

B.choice

C.possibility

D.selection

答案：B

20.Twenty people were \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ wounded in the air crash.

A.quickly

B.wrongly

C.bitterly

D.seriously

答案：D

四、完型填空

Two years ago, my husband left a bike for me.

If you live in a town, it is often faster than a car and don&#39;t have to worry about parking(停车). You can \_\_\_21\_\_\_ it anywhere. Because it has a seat at the back and a basket at the front, I can take my small daughter when it is cold and it is snowing hard. It also can be dangerous. You must be \_\_\_22\_\_\_ on a bike. Accidents are not the only problem. One day I went \_\_\_23\_\_\_ and when I came back, I couldn&#39;t find my front wheel. It was a long walk to the bike shop! Now I have three strong locks.

Sometimes my husband uses my bike for short trips. He is not good at \_\_\_24\_\_\_ bikes, but he says it is better than waiting for a bus. He still likes his car for longer trips, but I think that all this sitting down is making him fat. \_\_\_25\_\_\_ my bike I got a lot of exercise and fresh air, and makes me feel much healthy.

21.

A.shopping

B.buy

C.On

D.careful

E.riding

答案：B

22.

A.shopping

B.buy

C.On

D.careful

E.riding

答案：D

23.

A.shopping

B.buy

C.On

D.careful

E.riding

答案：A

24.

A.shopping

B.buy

C.On

D.careful

E.riding

答案：E

25.

A.shopping

B.buy

C.On

D.careful

E.riding

答案：C

五、英译汉

26.Some of her pictures were shown in an art exhibition (展览会) in Shanghai when she was 4 years old.

答案：四岁的时候她的一些画就在上海的一个艺术展览会上展出。

27.This one&#39;s pretty, but it costs too much.

答案：这个很漂亮，但是很贵。

28.The friend saw everything but did not say a single word.

答案：这位朋友看到了一切，却一言不发。

29.I hope we can have some snow this winter.

答案：我希望今年冬天会下点雪。

30.He didn&#39;t need to attend the meeting.

答案：他没必要参加那个会议。

31.The doctor told me to have more water.

答案：医生让我多喝些水。

六、写作

**32.Instructions:**** 根据下面所给的题目和提纲用英语写出一篇不少于 ****80**** 词的短文。**

1.你学习英语的主要理由；

2.说明学习英语给你带来的益处。

Why I Study English

答案：无

4