# **大学英语**

# **B**

# **3**

一、交际英语

1.- I think the reference book（参考书）is very helpful.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Good idea.

B.So do I.

C.With pleasure.

D.No problem.

答案：B

2.- Would you like to go to the concert with us this evening?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.No, I already have plans.

B.I&#39;d love to, but I&#39;m busy tonight.

C.No, I really don&#39;t like being with you.

D.I&#39;m ill, so I shouldn&#39;t go out.

答案：B

3.- Must I take a taxi?

- No, you \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ . You can take my car.

A.had better to

B.don&#39;t

C.must not

D.don&#39;t have to

答案：D

4.- Thank you for inviting me.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.I really had a happy time.

B.Oh, it&#39;s too late.

C.Thank you for coming.

D.Oh, so slowly?

答案：C

5.- This box is too heavy for me to carry it upstairs.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.You may ask for help.

B.I&#39;ll give you a hand.

C.Please do me a favor.

D.I&#39;d come to help.

答案：B

二、阅读理解

Taking away a city&#39;s rubbish is a big job. Every day trucks come into a city to collect it. Most rubbish is made up of things we can&#39;t eat or use. If we kept these things, we would soon have a mountain of rubbish.

In some cities the rubbish is collected and taken outside the city to a dump. Often the city dump is placed where the ground is low or there is a big hole. The kitchen rubbish is broken into small pieces and sent into the sewage（污水，排水）system. The sewage system takes away the used water from toilets, bathtubs and other places.

To keep mice and flies away, some earth is used to cover the newly dumped rubbish. Later, grass may be planted on the rubbish-filled land. Finally, a house or a school may be built there, and then you&#39;d never know that this had once been an old rubbish dump.

In other cities the rubbish is burnt in special places. The fire burns everything except the metal.Sometimes the metal can be used again in factories where things are made of metal. The food parts of rubbish are put in special piles where they slowly change into something called humus（腐殖质）, which looks like black earth. It is rich with the kinds of things that feed plants and help make them grow.

6.You can most probably read this kind of passage in a telephone book.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

7.The main idea of the passage is to tell people to take useful things out of rubbish.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

8.The underlined word &quot;sewage&quot; in the second paragraph means laundry.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

9.According to the passage, the food parts of rubbish can be used again to feed plants.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

10.We should take care of a used metal box by reusing and recycling it.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

When John and Victoria Falls arrived in New York City for one-year stay, they did not bring very many things with them. They had planned either to live in a furnished apartment or to buy used furniture. But they soon learned about a new system that more and more people are using. The renting of home furnishings (bed, tables, dishes, and so on) has become one of America&#39;s fastest growing businesses.

What kinds of people rent their home furnishings instead of buying them? People who are international business or government officials, foreign students, airline workers, young married couples - people whose job or business may force them to move frequently from one city to another. They save a lot of trouble and the cost of moving their furniture each time. They simply rent new furniture when they reach their new homes. Young people with little money do not want to buy cheap furniture that they may soon dislike. They prefer to wait until they have enough money to buy furniture they really like. Meanwhile, they find they can rent better quality furniture than they could afford to buy.

One family, who now have a large, beautiful home of their own, liked their rented furniture so much that they decided to keep renting it instead of buying new things. But usually people don&#39;t like to tell others about it. The idea of renting home furnishings is still quite new, and they are not sure what their neighbors might think.

11.Which of the following has become one of America&#39;s fastest growing businesses?

A.Selling home furnishings.

B.Renting furnished apartments.

C.Selling used furniture.

D.Renting home furnishings.

答案：D

12.Why do some people prefer to rent furniture?

A.Because the furniture they get in this way is new.

B.Because it saves them a lot of money.

C.Because it saves them much trouble and money.

D.Because they can always get better quality furniture in this way.

答案：C

13.What can you infer from the passage?

A.The idea of renting furniture is not acceptable.

B.Renting furniture is not popular in the couple&#39;s home town.

C.Only those who don&#39;t have enough money to rent furniture.

D.People usually grow to like the furniture they have rented.

答案：B

14.Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage?

A.Rent or Buy?

B.A New Way of Getting Home Furnishings.

C.Furnished Apartments.

D.A New Idea.

答案：B

15.Young people liked renting home furniture because\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.they have less money

B.they don&#39;t want to buy old furniture

C.the new furniture is of good quality

D.they don&#39;t have much money and don&#39;t want to buy the cheap furniture

答案：D

三、词汇与语法

16.The headmaster came to the classroom and asked \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ what had happened.

A.his students to tell him

B.being told

C.telling him

D.to tell

答案：A

17.I fell and hurt myself while I \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ basketball yesterday.

A.was playing

B.am playing

C.play

D.played

答案：A

18.His salary as a driver is much higher than \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.a porter

B.is a porter

C.as a porter

D.that of a porter

答案：D

19.I like the teacher \_\_\_\_\_classes are very interesting and creative.

A.which

B.who

C.whose

D.what

答案：C

20.The young lady coming over to us \_\_\_\_\_ our English teacher; the way she walks tells us that!

A.must be

B.can be

C.would be

D.could be

答案：A

四、完型填空

I have beeninLondon for two weeks. I don&#39;tspeakEnglish well at all. I have great difficulty in understanding people.Infact I don&#39;t catch a thing they say. I find their pronunciation is\_\_21\_\_ strange forme to understand, and they speak\_\_22\_\_ that I can&#39;t keep upwiththem. When I am on a bus, I ask the conductor something. He answers, but I don&#39;t understand. So he says it slowly in a high\_\_23\_\_, I still don&#39;t understand it. Then he gets angry and goes away.

But I haven&#39;t lost heart. I still enjoy\_\_24\_\_ English. I must keep on working hard\_\_25\_\_ it. I believe I&#39;ll speak English well soon.

21.

A.voice

B.too

C.speaking

D.at

E.so fast

答案：B

22.

A.voice

B.too

C.speaking

D.at

E.so fast

答案：E

23.

A.voice

B.too

C.speaking

D.at

E.so fast

答案：A

24.

A.voice

B.too

C.speaking

D.at

E.so fast

答案：C

25.

A.voice

B.too

C.speaking

D.at

E.so fast

答案：D

五、英译汉

26.No matter how much it cost, he had to get the car fixed.

答案：无论费用多高，他也不得不去修车。

27.Many changes are taking place in the United States.

答案：在美国正发生着许多变化。

28.They thought that there must be something wrong with their TV set.

答案：他们认为电视机一定出了毛病了。

29.My classmate is much cleverer than I.

答案：我的同学比我聪明多了。

30.You&#39;d better do that again.

答案：你最好再做一遍。

31.The doctor told me to have more water.

答案：医生让我多喝些水。

六、写作

**32.**** 写作**

**Instructions:**** 根据下面所给的题目和提纲用英语写出一篇不少于 ****80**** 词的短文。**

1.你的英语学习情况；

2.你对英语学习的一些想法。

My English Study

答案：无

5