**大学英语**** B7**

一、交际英语

1.-If you need me, jut let me know.

-I will,\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.that&#39;s all right

B.thank you

C.all right

D.not at all

答案：B

2.- Excuse me, could you show me the way to the nearest post office?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_Oh yes! Two blocks away from here at the Green Avenue. You can&#39;t miss it.

A.I beg your pardon?

B.What do you mean?

C.You&#39;re welcome.

D.Mm, let me think.

答案：D

3.- Hey, Tom, what&#39;s up?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Yes, definitely!

B.Oh, not much.

C.What is happening in your life?

D.You are lucky.

答案：B

4.- Thank you for inviting me.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.I really had a happy time.

B.Oh, it&#39;s too late.

C.Thank you for coming.

D.Oh, so slowly?

答案：C

5.- I&#39;m sorry. I am late due to the heavy traffic.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Well, it&#39;s OK.

B.No, it&#39;s all right.

C.You are welcome.

D.You are wrong.

答案：A

二、阅读理解

The Antarctic（南极洲）is actually a desert. It is the only continent on the earth without a river or a lake.

The Antarctic is all ice all year round. The warmest temperature ever recorded there is zero, at the South Pole. Explorers used to think that a place so cold would have a heavy snowfall. But less than ten inches of snow falls each year. That is less than half an inch of water. Ten times that much moisture falls in parts of the Sahara.

The little snow that falls in Antarctic never melts. It continues to pile up deeper and deeper year after year. When the snow gets to be about eighty feet deep it is turned to ice by the weight of the snow above it.

6.Antarctica is called a desert because it has little moisture and no lakes or rivers.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

7.The Antarctic has ten times as much moisture as the Sahara.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

8.The temperature in the Antarctic is always above zero.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

9.The snow in Antarctic is very deep because it piles up year after year.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

10.The snow turns to ice when the snow above it is heavy enough .

A.T

B.F

答案：A

Many people who work in London prefer to live outside it, and to go in to their offices or schools every day by train, car or bus, even though this means they have to get up early in the morning and reach home late in the evening.

One advantage of living outside London is that houses are cheaper. Even a small flat in London without a garden costs quite a lot to rent. With the same money, one can get a little house in the country with a garden of one&#39;s own.

Then, in the country one can really get away from the noise and hurry of busy working lives. Even though one has to get up earlier and spend more time in trains or buses, one can sleep better at night and during weekends and on summer evenings, one can enjoy the fresh, clean air of the country. If one likes gardens, one can spend one&#39;s free time digging, planting, watering and doing the hundred and one other jobs which are needed in a garden. Then, when the flowers and vegetables come up, one has got the reward together with those who have shared the secret of Nature.

Some people, however, take no interest in country things: for them, happiness lies in the town, with its cinemas and theatres, beautiful shops and busy streets, dance-halls and restaurants. Such people would feel that their life was not worth living if they had to live it outside London. An occasional walk in one of the parks and a fortnight&#39;s (two weeks) visit to the sea every summer is all the country they want: the rest they are quite prepared to leave to those who are glad to get away from London every night.

11.Which of the following statements is NOT true?\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.People who love Nature prefer to live outside the city.

B.People who work in London prefer to live in the country.

C.Some people enjoying city life prefer to work and live inside London.

D.Many nature lovers, though working in London, prefer to live outside the city.

答案：B

12.With the same money \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, one can buy a little house with a garden in the country.

A.getting a small flat with a garden

B.having a small flat with a garden

C.renting a small flat without a garden

D.buying a small flat without a garden

答案：C

13.When the garden is in blossom, it means that one \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ has been rewarded.

A.living in the country

B.having spent time working in the garden

C.having a garden of his own

D.having been digging, planting and watering

答案：B

14.People who think happiness lies in the town would feel that \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ if they had to live outside London.

A.their life was meaningless

B.their life was invaluable

C.they didn&#39;t deserve a happy life

D.they were not worthy of their happy life

答案：A

15.The underlined phrase get away from in the 3rd paragraph refers to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.deal with

B.do away with

C.escape from

D.prevent from

答案：C

三、词汇与语法

16.\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_of them thinks that is a good idea.

A.Anyone

B.No one

C.None

D.Someone

答案：C

17.The grey building is the place where the workers live, and the white building is the place where the spare parts \_\_\_\_\_.

A.are producing

B.are produced

C.produced

D.being produced

答案：B

18.The boy is not happy at the new school. He has \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ friends there.

A.few

B.a few

C.little

D.a little

答案：A

19.I like the teacher \_\_\_\_\_classes are very interesting and creative.

A.which

B.who

C.whose

D.what

答案：C

20.We&#39;ve missed the last bus. I&#39;m afraid we have no \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ but to take a taxi.

A.way

B.choice

C.possibility

D.selection

答案：B

四、完型填空

A miser（守财奴）sold all that he had and bought a lump of gold, \_\_\_21\_\_\_ he buried in a hole in the ground by the side of an old wall and \_\_\_22\_\_\_ to look at daily. One of his workmen observed his frequent visits to the spot and decided to watch his movements. He soon discovered the secret of the hidden treasure, came to the lump of gold, and \_\_\_23\_\_\_ it. The Miser, on his next visit, found the hole empty and began to tear his hair and to cry. A neighbor, seeing him overcome with grief（悲伤）and learning the cause, said, &quot;Go and take a stone, and place it in the \_\_\_24\_\_\_, and fancy that the gold is still lying there. It will do you quite the same service; for when the gold was there, you did not \_\_\_25\_\_\_ the slightest use of it.&quot;

21.

A.make

B.which

C.hole

D.stole

E.went

答案：B

22.

A.make

B.which

C.hole

D.stole

E.went

答案：E

23.

A.make

B.which

C.hole

D.stole

E.went

答案：D

24.

A.make

B.which

C.hole

D.stole

E.went

答案：C

25.

A.make

B.which

C.hole

D.stole

E.went

答案：A

五、英译汉

26.The shop is open till ten at night every day.

答案：商店每天营业到晚上十点。

27.Beijing Olympic Games can make Chinese people work harder.

答案：北京奥林匹克运动会使得中国人民更加努力工作。

28.What kind of life do most people enjoy?

答案：多数人喜欢什么样的生活？

29.The doctor told me to have more water.

答案：医生让我多喝些水。

30.I knocked on his door but nobody came to answer it.

答案：我敲了他的门，但没人来开门。

31.What time do you go swimming every day?

答案：你每天何时去游泳？

六、写作

**32.Instructions:**** 根据下面所给的题目和提纲用英语写出一篇不少于 ****80**** 词的短文。**

My Favorite Form of Entertainment

1.现代人越来越重视娱乐；

2.娱乐方式丰富多彩，而我最喜欢的是……

3.我选择的原因。

答案：无

4