# **大学英语**

# **B**

# **8**

一、交际英语

1.- We are planning an outing. \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

- Sure.

A.Where are you going?

B.When will you leave?

C.How is everything?

D.Do you want to join us?

答案：D

2.- I&#39;m sorry. I am late due to the heavy traffic.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Well, it&#39;s OK.

B.No, it&#39;s all right.

C.You are welcome.

D.You are wrong.

答案：A

3.- I wonder if I could use your computer tonight?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ I&#39;m not using it right now.

A.Sure, here you are.

B.I don&#39;t know.

C.It doesn&#39;t matter.

D.Who cares?

答案：A

4.- Please help yourself to the seafood.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.No, I can&#39;t.

B.Sorry, I can&#39;t help.

C.Well, seafood don&#39;t suit.

D.Well, I&#39;m afraid I don&#39;t like seafood.

答案：D

5.- Thank you for inviting me.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.I really had a happy time.

B.Oh, it&#39;s too late.

C.Thank you for coming.

D.Oh, so slowly?

答案：C

二、阅读理解

He has done what Mohammed Ali did for boxing, Michael Jordan for basketball, Roger Federer for tennis and Tiger Woods for golf. Twenty-three-year-old Michael Phelps has become a phenomenon in swimming.

At the 2008 Summer Olympic Games, he won eight gold medals. That was more than the whole Australian team could put together. He beat Mark Spitz&#39;s 1972 record of seven wins in the pool at the one Games. Phelps has put his name next to seven world records.

Nine days, 17 games, morning and night he competed and won. He had to beat former world record-holders and gold medalists. He had to turn their wins into old news.

&quot;I&#39;m just lucky to have the drive that I have, the talent that I have and the excitement for the sport,&quot; Phelps said after winning his last medal.

After the Olympics, swimming will not be in the news so much. But Phelps has decided to keep working to popularize it.

&quot;I don&#39;t want this sport to be an every-four-years sport,&quot; Phelps said. &quot;Over the past four years, it&#39;s skyrocketed. I&#39;m honored to help this sport for the next generation of swimmers who will have it better than I have.&quot;

6.Phelps is a swimmer.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

7.Roger Federer is famous for tennis.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

8.&quot;竞争&quot;is closest in meaning to the underlined word &quot;phenomenon&quot;.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

9.Phelps wants to change swimming to an every-four-years sport.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

10.&quot;Swimming is going to be popular&quot; can be the most suitable title for this article.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

Once James Thornhill, a famous English painter, was asked to paint some pictures on the walls of the king&#39;s palace in England.

Then workers were sent for and a big platform（台子）was made.

With the help of a worker, Thornhill started painting on the platform. They worked for a whole year and at last the pictures were ready.

Thornhill was happy when he looked at the pictures, for they were really beautiful. He looked at them for a long time, and then took one step back and looked again. Now the pictures were even more beautiful. He took another step, then another. Finally he was at the very edge of the platform, but he didn&#39;t know it because he was thinking of his pictures.

The worker saw everything. &quot;What should I do?&quot; he thought. &quot;Thornhill was at the very edge of the platform. If I cry out, he will take another step, fall off it and surely be killed. &quot;So the worker quickly took some paint（漆）and threw it at the pictures.

&quot;What are you doing?&quot; cried the painter, running quickly forward to his pictures.

11.James Thornhill was an English \_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.worker

B.artist

C.king

D.writer

答案：B

12.He was ordered to \_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.paint the wall of the king&#39;s palace in England

B.paint some pictures on the wall of the palace

C.build a big platform in front of the palace

D.put up some new pictures on the old wall

答案：B

13.It took them \_\_\_\_\_\_ to finish the pictures.

A.a month

B.a week

C.twelve months

D.half a month

答案：C

14.James Thornhill felt that the \_\_\_\_\_\_ he was from the pictures, the \_\_\_\_\_\_ they were.

A.nearer…more beautiful

B.farther…more ugly

C.farther…more beautiful

D.higher above…more good-looking

答案：C

15.The worker threw some paint at the pictures in order to \_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.save James&#39; life

B.destroy the picture

C.make the picture more beautiful

D.make the king angry

答案：A

三、词汇与语法

16.We&#39;ve missed the last bus. I&#39;m afraid we have no \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ but to take a taxi.

A.way

B.choice

C.possibility

D.selection

答案：B

17.I like the teacher \_\_\_\_\_classes are very interesting and creative.

A.which

B.who

C.whose

D.what

答案：C

18.His mother \_\_\_\_\_alone since his father died.

A.lived

B.lives

C.has lived

D.is living

答案：C

19.Mike is better than Peter \_\_\_\_\_\_\_swimming．

A.for

B.at

C.on

D.in

答案：B

20.The reason I did not go abroad was \_\_\_\_\_ a job in my home town.

A.because

B.due to

C.that I got

D.because of getting

答案：C

四、完型填空

One night, a thief broke into an old man&#39;s house. He \_\_\_21\_\_\_ a noise and woke up the old man and his wife. The husband told his wife to be silent, while he said loudly, &quot;My dear, these days thieves are cleverer. If they take \_\_\_22\_\_\_ their clothes and put them on the table, the people in the room will fall asleep and can&#39;t wake up.&quot;

When the thief \_\_\_23\_\_\_this, he took off his clothes at once and was ready to set out to work. At this\_\_\_24\_\_\_, the husband suddenly shouted in a loud voice:&quot;Stop thief! Stop thief!&quot; The thief was very frightened. He ran away as fast as be could and \_\_\_25\_\_\_ his clothes on the table.

21.

A.made

B.moment

C.off

D.left

E.heard

答案：A

22.

A.made

B.moment

C.off

D.left

E.heard

答案：C

23.

A.made

B.moment

C.off

D.left

E.heard

答案：E

24.

A.made

B.moment

C.off

D.left

E.heard

答案：B

25.

A.made

B.moment

C.off

D.left

E.heard

答案：D

五、英译汉

26.We enjoyed ourselves very much at the party.

答案：在那次晚会上我们玩得很愉快。

27.The doctor said there was nothing wrong with his eyes.

答案：医生说他的眼睛没有毛病。

28.He didn&#39;t need to attend the meeting.

答案：他没必要参加那个会议。

29.Life is meaningless without a purpose.

答案：没有目标的生活是毫无意义的。

30.The doctor told me to have more water.

答案：医生让我多喝些水。

31.What kind of life do most people enjoy?

答案：多数人喜欢什么样的生活？

六、写作

**32.**** 写作**

**Instructions:**** 根据下面所给的题目和提纲用英语写出一篇不少于 ****80**** 词的短文。**

1.电视广告的优缺点；

2.介绍你喜欢的电视广告。

TV Ads

答案：无

4