# **大学英语**

# **B**

# **10**

一、交际英语

1.-Can I get you a cup of tea?

-\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.That&#39;s very kind of you

B.With pleasure

C.You can, please

D.Thank you for the tea

答案：A

2.- This box is too heavy for me to carry it upstairs.

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.You may ask for help.

B.I&#39;ll give you a hand.

C.Please do me a favor.

D.I&#39;d come to help.

答案：B

3.- What&#39;s the problem with your bike?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.Not at all.

B.Good, thank you.

C.Nothing serious.

D.Sure

答案：C

4.- Do you mind my smoking here?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_

A.No, thanks.

B.Yes, I do.

C.Yes. I&#39;d rather not.

D.Good idea.

答案：B

5.- Hi, Tom, how&#39;s everything with you?

- \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, and how are you?

A.Don&#39;t mention it

B.Hm, not too bad

C.Thanks

D.Pretty fast

答案：B

二、阅读理解

Elvis Aron Presley, often called &quot;the king of rock music&quot;, died on August 16th, 1977, at the age of forty-two. He left a great influence on popular music, and millions of fans. During his lifetime, Elvis sold more than four hundred million records. After Presley died, many of his records rose quickly. When Presley died, many mourners journeyed to Memphis, Tennessee, Presley&#39;s home, to pay their last respects. While most of these fans knew a lot about the songs of Elvis, few of them knew the story of how Elvis had his first record which was for his mother. He paid four dollars to a small Memphis recording shop, and recorded two songs. The songs were &quot;My Happiness&quot; and &quot;That&#39;s Where Your Heartaches Begin&quot;. Sam Philips, who owned the shop where Elvis made the record, liked Presley&#39;s songs. He said he would call him some day. About a year later, Philips did call and asked him to cut a record. This first record had &quot;Blue Moon of Kentucky&quot;on one side, and &quot;That&#39;s All Right, Mama&quot;on the other.

6.The passage is mainly about how Elvis Presley began his career.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

7.Mourners are usually record-producers.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

8.Without the record for his mother, Elvis might not have become a star.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

9.When Presley died, people went to Memphis for his mother&#39;s story of life.

A.T

B.F

答案：B

10.The passage shows that many people loved Elvis&#39;s songs.

A.T

B.F

答案：A

Once James Thornhill, a famous English painter, was asked to paint some pictures on the walls of the king&#39;s palace in England.

Then workers were sent for and a big platform（台子）was made.

With the help of a worker, Thornhill started painting on the platform. They worked for a whole year and at last the pictures were ready.

Thornhill was happy when he looked at the pictures, for they were really beautiful. He looked at them for a long time, and then took one step back and looked again. Now the pictures were even more beautiful. He took another step, then another. Finally he was at the very edge of the platform, but he didn&#39;t know it because he was thinking of his pictures.

The worker saw everything. &quot;What should I do?&quot; he thought. &quot;Thornhill was at the very edge of the platform. If I cry out, he will take another step, fall off it and surely be killed. &quot;So the worker quickly took some paint（漆）and threw it at the pictures.

&quot;What are you doing?&quot; cried the painter, running quickly forward to his pictures.

11.James Thornhill was an English \_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.worker

B.artist

C.king

D.writer

答案：B

12.He was ordered to \_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.paint the wall of the king&#39;s palace in England

B.paint some pictures on the wall of the palace

C.build a big platform in front of the palace

D.put up some new pictures on the old wall

答案：B

13.It took them \_\_\_\_\_\_ to finish the pictures.

A.a month

B.a week

C.twelve months

D.half a month

答案：C

14.James Thornhill felt that the \_\_\_\_\_\_ he was from the pictures, the \_\_\_\_\_\_ they were.

A.nearer…more beautiful

B.farther…more ugly

C.farther…more beautiful

D.higher above…more good-looking

答案：C

15.The worker threw some paint at the pictures in order to \_\_\_\_\_\_.

A.save James&#39; life

B.destroy the picture

C.make the picture more beautiful

D.make the king angry

答案：A

三、词汇与语法

16.He \_\_\_\_\_\_\_less time reading stories about film stars than before.

A.takes

B.spends

C.costs

D.pays

答案：B

17.His mother \_\_\_\_\_alone since his father died.

A.lived

B.lives

C.has lived

D.is living

答案：C

18.I don&#39;t know the park, but it&#39;s\_\_\_\_\_\_ to be quite beautiful.

A.said

B.told

C.spoken

D.talked

答案：A

19.Jane&#39;s dress is similar in design \_\_\_\_\_\_her sister&#39;s.

A.like

B.with

C.to

D.as

答案：C

20.The workers are busy \_\_\_\_models for the exhibition.

A.to make

B.with making

C.being making

D.making

答案：D

四、完型填空

I have beeninLondon for two weeks. I don&#39;tspeakEnglish well at all. I have great difficulty in understanding people.Infact I don&#39;t catch a thing they say. I find their pronunciation is\_\_21\_\_ strange forme to understand, and they speak\_\_22\_\_ that I can&#39;t keep upwiththem. When I am on a bus, I ask the conductor something. He answers, but I don&#39;t understand. So he says it slowly in a high\_\_23\_\_, I still don&#39;t understand it. Then he gets angry and goes away.

But I haven&#39;t lost heart. I still enjoy\_\_24\_\_ English. I must keep on working hard\_\_25\_\_ it. I believe I&#39;ll speak English well soon.

21.

A.voice

B.too

C.speaking

D.at

E.so fast

答案：B

22.

A.voice

B.too

C.speaking

D.at

E.so fast

答案：E

23.

A.voice

B.too

C.speaking

D.at

E.so fast

答案：A

24.

A.voice

B.too

C.speaking

D.at

E.so fast

答案：C

25.

A.voice

B.too

C.speaking

D.at

E.so fast

答案：D

五、英译汉

26.We are from mainland China.

答案：我们来自中国大陆。

27.I looked for the book on the desk but it was nowhere.

答案：我在桌上找了那本书，但是那本书不在那儿。

28.People all over the world are trying to help the people in the quake-stricken areas.

答案：全世界人民都在尽力帮助遭受地震地区的人民。

29.You&#39;d better do that again.

答案：你最好再做一遍。

30.Both Ann and Mary are suitable for the job.

答案：安妮和玛丽都适合干这项工作。

31.I hope we can have some snow this winter.

答案：我希望今年冬天会下点雪。

六、写作

**32.Instructions:**** 根据下面所给的题目和提纲用英语写出一篇不少于 ****80**** 词的短文。**

1.你学习英语的主要理由；

2.说明学习英语给你带来的益处。

Why I Study English

答案：无

4